SFX-385: Allow for passing custom product transformer (#30)
groupby/sfx-logic: packages/@sfx/search-driver-plugin/CHANGELOG.md

    search request using the GroupBy API, then dispatches a
    `SEARCH_RESPONSE_EVENT` event containing the response.
  - SFX-248: The `@sfx/events` package is used for event names and payload interfaces.

>   - SFX-385: Added a constructor argument to pass in a custom product transformer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - SFX-385: Added the ability to supply plugin options through the constructor.
```
